hey guys so today I'm going to be doing
my foundation routine and first thing
that I do is start with a moisturizer
this is clean and clears poor perfecting
pore minimizing um finishing moisturizer
so I just kind of put it on my skin like
warrior paint and then rub it in so that
is the beginning and if you're wondering
what kind of skin type I have I have a
combination skin type in my t-zone it's
oily and then my cheek area and rest my
face is just kind of normal natural
usual you know so um yeah so this would
be good and I do have somewhat acne
prone skin but um it's been really good
lately which I'm really happy about so
my actual skincare makeup has changed
completely from my last and little
foundation routine that I did I'm not
using the Revlon Colorstay and this is
the powder in light and then this is
natural beige 220 liquid foundation and
I really really really love these and
the finish that it gives my skin it
makes my skin look perfect and um my
skin is far from perfect so I like to
put my foundation on the back of my hand
and not a lot just a little bit so
that's about enough that's about the
size of a dime it's kind of spilled
around now and then I take a this it
would be pretty much my equivalent to a
stippling brush and this is an elf
powder brush but I just kind of dab it
on to the makeup and this is my new
all-time favorite way to apply liquid
foundation so you just kind of tap it on
to your face and um the more you tap the
more it gets worked in and I like to go
up to my eyes a little bit just to kind
of conceal the redness and
and even the dark circles that I have
under my eyes because in college you
don't sleep much and then just all
around make sure you get it everywhere
on your face and then um usually my
patience wears out and I start to kind
of brush it I just do whatever so um
brush it the only thing that you have to
be kind of not worried about but careful
about is cleaning your brush off because
it will get kind of gross after a while
so once I have all the makeup I like to
just rub my hand with a makeup removing
towel up and then kind of clean my hands
off a little bit and I make sure I stay
in the ties before because any oils or
dirt or anything like that is going to
transfer to your skanks they're going to
touch your skin at some point so make
sure your hands are clean to start with
and then I just kind of rub the rest in
and I really really like how it feels
how the actual makeup feels I really
like this stuff so um my favorite so
then after that I just use my powder and
I just swirl my brush into it and just
kind of apply it like a powder obviously
so all over my face equally and this
just kind of helps to set it as well
there's a little black thing on my cheek
it helps to set it and um it will make
it feel less sticky because sometimes a
lot of foundations can kind of feel
sticky on your skin this one isn't too
bad but it does have a little bit of
that sticky factor if you wanted to
apply a concealer you could mine is
still the fit me one for my last
foundation routine which i will read or
i will review i will link on the screen
and then as well it will be linked in
the description back so if you want to
see that um i used to use the fit me so
if you want to see my review of it you
can go check it out there and i don't
remember if i actually did the routine
and that one or not but anyways so
that's where you can see that so as far
as bronzers go i'm still using the
Browns booster by physicians formula
this gives you a good amount of shine or
shimmer i guess because china isn't
good when you have oily skin especially
in the t-zone so I just kind of quickly
brushed it over I don't want to look
like fake bake but I just want a little
bit of kind of a sun kissed glow almost
so that is my foundation routine and
yeah I hope you'd I hope you'd enjoy
this so I hope you enjoyed this and if
you have any requests please leave them
in the comments and I will definitely
get to them very soon bye